docs/Glossary.md, before:


# Glossary
mode8's source and documentation uses the following terminology:

## Namespace Names
- Registers: `mode8.hardware.registers.*`
- Constants: `mode8.hardware.constants.*`
- Memory: `mode8.hardware.memory.*`

# Rendering
- Window: See Windows.md
- DMA: See DMA.md
- Layer: Umbrella term for the four BGs + the Objs + the Fixcols (6 layers in total).

<!-- # Rendering Primitives
* Tile: The unit from which BGs are constructed.
* BG/Background: A tilemap constructed from Tiles.
* Obj/Object: A freely moveable graphic independent of all BGs.

# Memory
* TAM: Tile Attribute Memory. Holds the configuration for all Tiles that can be displayed.
* OAM: Object Attribute Memory. Holds the configuration for all Objects that can be displayed..
* TGM: Tile Graphics Memory. Holds the texture atlases used by Tiles.
* OGM: Object Graphics Memory. Holds the texture atlases used by Objects
* GCM: Global Color Memory. Holds the palette used by all graphics.

# Composition
* Fixcol: A fallback color that replaces transparency during composition.
-->

Commit message:

Reinstate color window application, add docs

docs/Glossary.md, after:


# Glossary
mode8's source and documentation uses the following terminology:

## Namespace Names
- Registers: `mode8.hardware.registers.*`
- Constants: `mode8.hardware.constants.*`
- Memory: `mode8.hardware.memory.*`

# Rendering
- Window: A mask applied to layers, see Windows.md
- DMA: See DMA.md
- Layer: Umbrella term for the four BGs + the Objs + the Fixcols (6 layers in total).
- Buffer: The rendering pipeline uses two framebuffers (main and sub) at one point, see Buffers.md
- Color Math: The final step of the rendering pipeline, see Color Math.md

<!-- # Rendering Primitives
* Tile: The unit from which BGs are constructed.
* BG/Background: A tilemap constructed from Tiles.
* Obj/Object: A freely moveable graphic independent of all BGs.

# Memory
* TAM: Tile Attribute Memory. Holds the configuration for all Tiles that can be displayed.
* OAM: Object Attribute Memory. Holds the configuration for all Objects that can be displayed..
* TGM: Tile Graphics Memory. Holds the texture atlases used by Tiles.
* OGM: Object Graphics Memory. Holds the texture atlases used by Objects
* GCM: Global Color Memory. Holds the palette used by all graphics.

# Composition
* Fixcol: A fallback color that replaces transparency during composition.
-->
